Fix mapping empty objects to GraphQL (#52)
superfaceai/one-service: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - Fix mapping Comlink empty result structure and empty nested objects to GraphQL
> - Fix mapping Comlink empty nested objects in input to GraphQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Map empty objects in result and input to custom types with noop field (`EmptyObject`, `EmptyInputObject`) - [#52](https://github.com/superfaceai/one-service/pull/52)
```
